--- page 1 ---
Theresa Blades 
The Hanover Company 
1780 S. Post Oak Lane 
Houston, TX 77056 
 
 
RE: Hanover Development Joint Venture  
 
Dear Theresa:    
 
Kao Management Trust (“LP Partner”), on behalf of one or more of its affiliates, funds under management, 
and/or assignees, is pleased to present herein an expression of interest in entering into a joint venture (the 
“Joint Venture”) with Hanover Industrial LLC (the “Sponsor”) to develop North Forsyth Commerce Center, 
consisting of two  to-be-constructed industrial buildings  totaling approximately 327,600 SF located in 
Forsyth County, GA (the “Project”, “Property”, or “Transaction”).  
 
 
Transaction: The Joint Venture intends to develop, lease, and sell the Project. LP 
Partner has underwritten total project costs of $[50.3] million, per the latest 
budget. The parties will mutually approve a final development budget that 
will be attached to the Definitive Documents (the “Development Budget”).  
 
Land Basis: The Land Basis in the Project budget will be based upon actual payment 
made to the third -party land seller.  The total Land Basis for the project 
will be $6.5 million. 
  
Joint Venture Structure: The parties will form a Delaware limited liability company for the 
purposes of developing and operating the Project. The Joint Venture shall 
reimburse the parties at closing for all reasonable expenses and costs 
incurred in connection with the Project as s et forth in the project budget 
except as contemplated herein, which shall include a reimbursement of 
Sponsor’s internal legal expenses relating to Project specific work. Each 
of LP Partner and Sponsor shall be responsible for their own legal fees in 
association with preparing the Definitive Documents. 
 
It is the intent of LP Partner and an affiliate of Sponsor  (the “Sponsor 
Member”) to close on the Joint Venture simultaneously with (i) the 
execution of a Guaranteed Maximum Price (“GMP”) Contract consistent 
with a mutually agreed upon Development Budget , (ii) the closing of a 
mutually approved first mortgage construction loan, (iii) closing of the 
acquisition of the Property, and (iv) the issuance of a Land Disturbance 
Permit for the Project, in form sufficient to permit construction 
commencement. 
 
Equity Capitalization: Equity capital contributions will be funded 95.0%/5.0% by LP Partner and 
Sponsor, respectively, except for Controllable Cost Overruns, as defined 
below. Hanover Member shall be entitled to call capital (which should be 
funded pro rata by the members) (i) monthly pursuant to the draw 
procedures in the Joint Venture operating agreement for committed 
capital, (ii) for Shared Cost Overruns and (iii) for Neces sary Expenses. 
“Necessary Expenses” shall mean, taxes, insurance premiums and 
--- page 2 ---
deductibles, utilities, regularly scheduled debt services, costs required to 
comply with applicable laws and orders by applicable government 
agencies, costs for repairs that are necessary or prudent to protect 
health/safety or mitigate material damage to the Property, and expenses 
that have been approved by Sponsor Member and LP Partner as part of an 
approved budget. 
 
Governance:  The Sponsor Member will be the managing member of the Joint Venture 
and shall be responsible for day-to-day oversight of the Joint Venture and 
the Project. The Sponsor  Member will oversee all pre -development 
activities to secure the requisite entitlements, permits, and a GMP to 
commence development of the Project. The Sponsor shall also be 
responsible for accounting, reporting, preparing all budgets for LP 
Partner’s approval, overseeing the lease-up and operations of the Project 
upon completion as well as managing the construction of the Project. The 
Joint Venture agreement will contain Managing Member removal 
provisions tied to breaches of the Joint Venture  operating agreement; 
provided, that Sponsor’s promoted interest shall be subject to forfeiture 
only in the event that Sponsor Member commits an act of gross 
negligence, willful misconduct, fraud, theft or misappropriation of Joint 
Venture funds (subject to certain cure rights for non -senior employee 
misconduct) in each case in respect of the Joint Venture. If LP Partner  
replaces Sponsor Member as managing member of the Joint Venture, LP 
Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the lender to 
release Sponsor Member or its affiliate(s) as guarantor under any loan 
guaranties for events or circumstances arisi ng after the replacement of 
Sponsor Member as managing member. If the lender fails to do so, LP 
Partner shall provide an indemnity agreement in favor of the guarantor 
from a creditworthy indemnitor with respect to any liability under such 
loan guaranties due to events or circumstances that occur after the 
replacement of Sponsor Member as managing member. 
 
The Definitive Documents will set forth a list of major actions, decisions, 
commitments and expenditures of the Joint Venture (each a “Major 
Decision”) that shall require the approval of LP Partner and Sponsor 
(including but not limited to selection and retention of property 
management and leasing agents, financing decisions, development plans, 
budget approvals, brokers for sale of the Project; adoption of and material 
changes to a business plan and budget; sale and/or refinance decisions; and 
filing for bankruptcy of the Joint Venture). The roles of LP Par tner and 
Sponsor will be more particularly set forth in definitive Joint Venture 
documentation.  
 
The parties shall agree on dispute mechanisms to be fully negotiated in the 
Joint Venture Agreement, including a refinancing mechanism that allows 
Sponsor to move forward with a short-term refinancing without the 
consent of LP Partner if Sponsor’s loan guaranties are outstanding and 
loan maturity is imminent.  
 
Financing: It is the intent of the Joint Venture to seek non‐recourse construction loan 
financing on commercially reasonable terms, at a loan- to-total-
--- page 3 ---
development cost level between [ 55% and 60% ]. Execution of the 
construction loan financing is expected to occur simultaneously with 
execution of the Definitive Documents and closing of Property 
acquisition.  
 
Guaranties: Any completion guaranty, carry guaranty, environmental indemnity, carve 
out guaranty, or principal repayment guaranty (if applicable) required by 
a construction loan lender shall be provided by the Sponsor in a form 
approved by Sponsor in its sole discreti on. In addition, Sponsor shall 
provide to the Joint Venture (i) a guaranty of completion of the Project in 
a form reasonably acceptable to LP Partner and Sponsor, and (ii) a 
guaranty of Sponsor Member's obligation to fund Controllable Cost 
Overruns (the "Overrun Guaranty"); provided, that the Overrun Guaranty 
shall not include any warranty obligations of the General Contractor (or 
any subcontractor) or any design liability, and each of the foregoing 
guaranties in favor of the Joint Venture shall automatically terminate upon 
Substantial Completion of the Project. To the extent a bad boy carve -out 
(including a prohibited transfer) is triggered by LP Partner or there are no-
fault events that trigger guaranties or indemnities under the loan 
agreement, LP Partner shall indemnify Sponsor for the full amount for any 
bad boy carve-out that is triggered by LP Partner and for its pro-rata share 
of any non-fault event, as applicable, and conversely, if Sponsor triggers 
a bad boy carve-out, it shall indemnify LP Partner for its actions. A joinder 
shall be executed by the entity signing the loan guaranties in the Definitive 
Documents backstopping these obligations. To the extent there ar e no -
fault events that trigger guaranties or indemnities under the loan 
agreement, the associated costs shall be borne pro rata by the partners and 
Sponsor may call for additional capital contributions from the members to 
fund such indemnification liabilities. 
 
Cost Overages: The parties shall agree upon a construction budget at the closing of a 
guaranteed maximum price contract, which shall include a minimum 4.5% 
hard cost contingency. Sponsor Member will be required to pay 100% of 
all Controllable Cost Overruns. “Controllable Cost Overruns” shall mean 
all “hard costs” and “soft costs” for construction other than “Shared Cost 
Overruns.”  
 
“Shared Cost Overruns” means overruns pertaining to the following: (a)  
tenant improvement costs, leasing commissions,  LP Partner ’s 
development consultant fees, inspecting engineer, legal fees, interest costs, 
operating deficits, real estate taxes, and insurance, (b) overruns arising 
directly from force majeure which shall include but not be limited to 
unforeseen subsurface conditions, new governmental changes, and new 
tariffs, and (c) costs related to scope changes, including upgrades or 
changes to the busi ness plan approved by LP Partner. Shared Cost 
Overruns shall be funded by LP Partner and Sponsor pro rata. 
 
Sponsor may utilize available contingency  and line-item savings against 
any Controllable Cost Overrun (without the consent of LP Partner) to the 
extent permitted under the financing documents.  Upon Substantial 
Completion and final accounting under the GMP Contract, all remaining 
--- page 4 ---
cost savings shall be applied first to fund (or reimburse the parties for) any 
Shared Cost Overruns incurred through Substantial Completion, and any 
balance thereafter shall be paid to Sponsor as a performance incentive. 
 
Forced Sale: Each of Sponsor and LP Partner shall have the right on or after the later to 
occur of (i) 12 months following the date of substantial completion and 
(ii) the date upon which the Project has achieved Stabilization.  The 
exercising member shall name a price at which it would be willing to sell 
the Property. The non-exercising member shall then have thirty (30) days 
to elect to buy-out the exercising member’s interest in the Property at the 
price implied by the exercising member’s proposed purchase price. If the 
non-exercising member does not respond within thirty (30) days or the 
non-exercising member declines to transact at the named price, then the 
exercising member may proceed to sell the Project to an unaffiliated third 
party at no less than 98% of its proposed purchase price. If the Project does 
not sell within 98% of the proposed purchase price on or prior to the six 
month anniversary of the exercising member’s triggering of the forced sale 
right, the process shall start again. Sponsor and LP Partner shall obtain 
releases from the applicable lenders of all of Sponsor  and its affiliate s 
obligations under any guarantees; provided, that if LP Partner is unable to 
obtain such releases, a creditworthy affiliate of LP Partner (acceptable to 
Sponsor in its sole discretion ) shall indemnify Sponsor guarantor for all 
liabilities under any lender guarantee that arises after the date of such 
closing.  
 
 
Property Management:  Joint Venture shall retain a recognized third- party commercial real estate 
management firm approved by Sponsor to manage the Property on behalf 
of the Joint Venture on market terms and for a market rate fee. 
 
General Contractor:  An affiliate of the Sponsor will act as  the General Contractor for the 
Project that will provide a Guaranteed Maximum Price Contract on 
Sponsor’s form (the “GMP Contract”) based on the final approved 
Construction Documents with a minimum contingency within the 
approved budget of 5%. The General Contractor fee shall be 4.5% of hard 
costs (excluding the fee itself). The GMP Contract will include a $300K 
advance.  
 
Development Fee: The Sponsor will earn a market -rate development fee equal to 4.0 % of 
hard costs and managed soft costs (excluding the development fee itself  
and the Land Basis). There will be no fee on Controllable Cost Overruns. 
An affiliate of Sponsor will enter into a development management 
agreement with the Joint Venture on terms acceptable to LP Partner and 
Sponsor. The Development Fee shall be payable as follows: 25% at Joint 
Venture closing, 65% on a monthly basis during the construction period  
based on a percentage of completion of the project , 10% at Substantial 
Completion. 
 
Equity Funding Fee: The Joint Venture shall pay an equity funding fee of $125,000 to JLL, 
payable at the closing of the Joint Venture. The parties acknowledge that 
the equity funding fee has been reduced from the $225,000 amount 
--- page 5 ---
reflected in the Development Budget because LP Partner's equity 
commitment was sourced directly and not procured by JLL. No additional 
placement, brokerage, or capital markets fees shall be payable by the Joint 
Venture or either party in connection with the equity capitalization of the 
Project. 
 
Partner Funding Default: In the event any party fails to fund a capital call in a timely fashion, the 
non-defaulting party may elect to fund on the defaulting party’s behalf the 
defaulted amount of the applicable capital call. In this event, the 
contributing party’s total contribution with respect to such capital call shall 
be treated as “Partnership Preferred Equity” and shall accrue at a rate of 
18.0% per year (compounded annually). Further, if a party fails to 
contribute committed capital, such party shall lose its right to vote on 
Major Decisions until such failure is cured  and the non- failing member 
may pursue any other remedies available at law or equity.  
 
Cash Flow Distributions:  Cash flow available for distribution from operations or proceeds from a 
sale or refinancing (after expenses, debt service, and capital 
improvements) of the Project shall be distributed in the order and 
preference set forth below: 
  
i. Pro-rata based on any Partnership Preferred Equity and Shared Cost 
Overrun contributions until: 
a. For Partnership Preferred Equity, the funding partners have 
received a return of such capital and an annually compounded 
IRR of 18.0%; and 
b. For Shared Cost Overrun contributions, the funding partners 
have received a return of the Shared Cost Overrun 
contributions. 
ii. Pro rata between the parties until LP Partner has received a 10 % 
annually compounded IRR with respect to all capital contributed by 
LP Partner to the Joint Venture; 
iii. 100% to Sponsor until Sponsor recoups all dollars funded for any 
development Controllable Cost Overruns funded by Sponsor  or its 
affiliates; 
iv. 24% to Sponsor ( 20% promote) and 76 % to LP Partner until LP 
Partner has received an amount equal to a 14% annually compounded 
IRR with respect to all capital contributed by LP Partner to the Joint 
Venture; 
v. 33.5% to Sponsor (30% promote) and 66.5% to LP Partner until LP 
Partner has received an amount equal to an 18% annually compounded 
IRR with respect to all capital contributed by LP Partner to the Joint 
Venture; 
vi. 43% to Sponsor (40% promote) and 57% to LP Partner thereafter.  
 
All IRR and multiple calculations in levels (ii) -(v) of the waterfall will 
exclude returns on Partnership Preferred Equity.  
 
Confidentiality LP Partner, on its own behalf and on behalf of its partners, members, 
managers, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents  
and representatives, agree (i) to treat any and all information (regardless of 
--- page 6 ---
the source thereof) concerning the Property, Joint Venture and the matters 
covered by this term sheet as confidential, (ii) that such information will 
be used solely for the purpose of evaluating the transactions contemplated 
hereby and not in any way directly or indirectly detrimental to Sponsor 
or its affiliates , and (iii) that such information will not be shared or 
disclosed to any outside parties other than to service providers engaged 
in the due diligence or operation of the Property under the terms outlined 
in this term sheet. 
 
Non-Binding Agreement Each of Sponsor and LP Partner acknowledges that (i) transactions of the 
type set forth in this term sheet involve many essential and nonessential 
terms and conditions and that there has not yet been a definitive statement 
of all the terms and conditions of the proposed transactions, an d (ii) this 
term sheet is not intended to constitute an agreement to execute definitive 
agreements in the future. It is the intention and understanding of the 
parties that any definitive agreements, if executed, will contain all the 
terms and conditions deemed essential by them. Notwithstanding (a) 
anything contained in this term sheet to the contrary, (b) subsequent 
negotiations, (c) any action taken hereafter by Sponsor or LP Partner, or 
(d) any actual or claimed reliance, it is understood that, except for the 
obligations set forth herein under Confidentiality and Non- Binding 
Agreement neither Sponsor nor LP Partner will be legally bound in any 
manner unless and until definitive agreements have been prepared, 
executed and delivered. 
 
[Signature Page Follows] 
  
--- page 7 ---
Please confirm that the foregoing accurately sets forth your understanding by signing the enclosed copy 
of this letter below where noted and returning the same to me on or before June 23, 2026. 
 
 
Very truly yours, 
 
KAO MANAGEMENT TRUST 
By:    
Name: William Kao 
Title: Trustee 
 
 
Accepted and Agreed to by: 
HANOVER INDUSTRIAL LLC 
 
  
By:    
Name: Theresa Blades  
Title: Chief Investment Officer 
 
 